This is a semi-private hosting of filterlists for uBlock Origin.
The lists will only contain UI elements, not Ads because I use a network Adblocker.

I wanted to put it online for easier synching between devices. However, the link to the RAW file has a token/key added to it when the repository is set to private. So I had do make it public to avoid the need to always change the link when I pushed an update.

The lists will contain german and english websites I visit personally and also sites other people and friends send me. Feel free to use (part of) the list for yourself (no need to ask, just give credit) or to suggest a site you want me to take care of (if I can, more to that later). However, this was intended to be private and I am not going to add support for every site 100 people send in. If there are a few I will take a look, but not if it gets overwhelming. In that case, you can just create your own list and use it along with your normal Adblocker or the lists in this repository.

As for "if I can", I haven't taken a single look into any documentation or have much knowledge about placeholders. So you might find the established lists from uBlock, AdGuard and co. more sophisitcated or whatever. However, since I use a network Adblocker and the other lists don't cover elements I want to get rid of, I always had my own collection. But synching it between various devices, especially if they are not my own, is tedious. So I decided to put it online (and rework it from scratch) where I only have to paste the links and can always sync it with one click, instead of uploading it to Google Drive etc.

Also, I decided to split it up. Not only into desktop/mobile, but also into general and specific filters. The reason is pretty simple. When I had them as custom entrys in the extension itself, I just had to ! an entry and reload the site to see if it caused any trouble. But I still had to search the entire list and I never sorted it (put all entrys of one site together). So by splitting it, I can do two things:
First, I can just uncheck one list (for example, the general filters) to see if it contains the troublemaker. Second, I can (maybe) save a bit of performance and filesize by excluding things that are only triggered on mobile devices (remember, Firefox for Android can run extensions, which includes uBlock). So my PC doesn't have to check for things that it doesn't even get and my phone doesn't have to waste any performance on stuff I don't need there. And due to screenspace, I will remove some footers or headers that are annoying on the phone because they waste half the screen or more, or are non-sticky headers that constantly pop in and out again when scrolling up and down, but are no problem on the PC. And it will make it a bit more easier to narrow down an issue because it's a bit more spread-out.


Now, an explanation for what global, specific and test are going to be:
Global rules are obviously global rules. Things will go into specific first, but when I notice that some elements pop up again and again, like breadcrumbs, social bars, share bars (you can just copy the URL), id-beepspot, .ad etc (the Ad fields), then I consider making it a global rule. That will not only avoid adding multiple sites, but also automatically apply on non-supported sites. That will be a livesaver when only visiting them once since it means reduced eye-bleed without the need to do anything.
A little note here, when I visited the uBlock repository to check the .gitattributes file for language marking, I saw that it is possible to make a rule apply to two or more sites by seperating them via comma. So instead of making it a global rule, it might already be enough to do it that way if it's just two or three sites. But things like breadcrumbs are on many sites, so unless a specific version only applys to one site, it will be made a global rule.

With that, I pretty much explained what specific is going to be: The normal list that contains rules that only apply to one site.

Test is going to include things I am uncertain about, for example there is a thing with amphtml-layout on some news-sites I haven't taken a closer look yet. It is just an seemingly endless list of amphtml stuff that appears to be without a pattern. So that will go into test first to see if it works always, if it changes and to make it quicker to find it when I want to compare that entry with the entry from another site.
And because that is just for testing and confirmation, it will not bother the others who won't even have these lists active.